 # Stream-Workout-assistant
# The final workout ai assistant will have many features. The main one is the taking in users either video footage or live video feed and being able to train from proper form on exercises and give the user either normal or live feedback while doing the exercise. It will use an API that is free and does not require an api key to take in ingredients from the user, then give healthy recipes they can make with those ingredients, providing the full instructions as well. It will track the users workouts: how many reps they are doing, the time that it takes for each rep, then based on the time of reps, it will determine when the user is struggling, if the user does more reps at the same time frame, it will show that the user is improving if they can do more reps then last time at the same time frame, if the user does enough reps at certain time frames, it will suggest the user to go up in weight or choose a harder exercise then the one provided. finally the assistant will provide the user with instructions of what weight to do the exercise on, and let the ai track the number of reps. Finally the user will be able to select the exercise group that they are wanting and it will provide the user with multiple options to choose from, first they select the specific muscle, then the exercise machine that they have or one that looks closest to it. then a list of exercises with instructions and video example to help. Initially the user will be given a workout plan based on their current workout goals, and beginner, intermediate, and advanced. then there will be an edit tool that allows the user to change exercises based on preference and availability. The initial workouts will be taken from the most scientifically researched workouts to determine which is most optimal, and will be updated as new studies come out. I have provided you with a detailed description what i want. now we are going to start developing. give me another step by step plan to now develop the entire project from scratch. 